This is the OpenMP specification in LaTex format.
Please see the master file, openmp.tex, for more information.

This file contains two parts. The first part is a work
in progress. The intent is to capture the various rules,
conventions and other minutiae about editing the LaTex
sources of the OpenMP specification. The second part is 
used for notes about the current status of the specification
and its release process. As of now (Summer 2018), that part 
is intended to capture various aspects of the OpenMP 5.0 
quality control pass.

PART I: Rules and Conventions
-----------------------------

TBD


PART II: Status
-----------------------------

With the recent adoption of TR7, the OpenMP feature
freeze is now in effect. The main activity of the
OpenMP Language Committee is the quality conrol pass
that will precede the official release of 5.0. That
pass has two main components. 

The first component is simply for any section of the 
proposed 5.0 specification to be read by at least three  
people, who check for grammatical errors, formatting 
errors and typographical errors as will as for any 
poorly worded sections and for any inconsistencies. 
These readers then propose corrections to any issues 
that they find. The Language Committee Chair is one
of the readers for every section. The other two readers
vary by section; the following table lists the reading
assignments by "chunks" of the specification.

TABLE TBD

A separate branch will be created in the main repo for 
each chunk. Other Language Committee participants from
those listed in the above table may also offer fixes
for any errors that they observe to those chunks by 
creating a pull request on that branch. The intent is
to follow an orderly process that minimizes duplication
of effort. The pull requests on each chunk will be 
accepted based on the review of the Language Committee
Chair. A chunk branch will only be merged into the
master branch after the full set of changes that it
captures has passed the normal two Language Committee votes.

The second component of the quality control process
captures broader corrections and clarifications that
emerge through the readings of the first component,
through feedback from the broader community or through
observations of other Language Committee members,
which often arise as they begin to implement the new 
version. Those broader issues are captured in separate
Trac tickets since they will often touch multiple chunks.

The remainder of this part is intended to capture any
general guidance for issues that do not qualify for 
separate tickets but recur in multiple sections.

GUIDANCE FOR RECURRING ERRORS
-----------------------------

TBD



